Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/open-distro/distributed-deployment/step-by-step-installation/wazuh-cluster/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: The Wazuh server can be installed as a single node cluster or as a multi-node cluster. Learn more about these deployment types in our documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh server can be installed as a single-node cluster or as a multi-node cluster. Learn more about these deployment types in our documentation. 
```

>   :description: The Wazuh server can be installed as a single node cluster or as a multi-node cluster. Learn more about these two types of installation in our documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The Wazuh server can be installed as a single node cluster or as a multi-node cluster. Learn more about these deployment types in our documentation. 
```
